README.md, before:

# My Personal Project

## Artificial Gambling Site

An artificial gambling site that focuses on player betting along with common
gambling games such as black jack and roulette. Similar to sports betting, one
can add in *players* and place bets on the odds they would win in a particular
event. Then funds would be awards to the wins while the losers lose theirs.

Gambling in real life isn't a very healthy hobby. However,
it is always more fun to play with something at stake, whether that's
gambling on your favourite team or local bets between friends.
Thus, an artificial gambling sites can give the excitement
that gambling provides without the harm of it. I, myself, tend to believe
 myself to be a competitive individual, and believe this gambling site 
would be very helpful to getting a friendly yet competitive environment 
between me and my peers.



***Feautures***:
- *USER* Betting
- Blackjack
- Roulette
- Higher/Lower


## *USER STORIES*

- As a user, I want to be able to add funds to my account
- As a user, I want to be able to gamble my funds on a game

Commit message:

Phase 0: include more user stories and updated some of the application's inspiration and functionality.
Phase 1: created two model classes, Player and Bet alongside with test classes for both. Also implemented a basic UI interface for the functionality aspect of it.

README.md, after:

# Artificial Gambling Site

## Functionality

An artificial gambling site that focuses on player betting. Similar to sports betting, users
can add *players* and place bets, winning or losing their imaginary funds based on the 
number of users and odds.

Possible Features:
- Create events for people to be hold bets
- Create unique player profiles for different players to use
- Wager funds against friends in hopes to win the grand jackpot


## Inspiration

Gambling in real life isn't a very healthy hobby. However,
it is always more fun to play with something at stake, whether that's
gambling on your favourite team or local bets between friends.
Thus, an artificial gambling sites can give the excitement
that gambling provides without the harm of it. The app will be
helpful in creating a safe yet competitive environment 
for peers.

## Targeted Audience 

This application would be useful for anyone, everyone. However, those who
are more competitive than others tend to hold things at stake for an even more 
exiting turn of events.



# User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to add funds to my account
- As a user, I want to be able to remove funds from my account
- As a user, I want to be able to adjust the funds on my account
- As a user, I want to be able to gamble my funds on a game
- As a user, I want to be able to create a person profile where I can
  use to gamble with others
- As a user, I want to be able to create bets and add players to those bets
- As a user, I want to be able to select which player wins the bet and takes the entire pot
